#Configure LAMP server

    -linux, apache, mysql, php [LAMP]

    -mounted web server
    -serve apache on port <>
    -I/C mariadb
    -create db , db usr

##Implementation
-install apache in all app server
-<sudo yum install -y httpd php php-mysqlnd php-cli php-common>
-enable apache
-<sudo vi /etc/httpd/conf/httpd.conf>
listen ----
-restart apache
-application is ready here

    -configure database
    -<sudo yum install -y mariadb-server>
    -<sudo systemctl enable -now mariadb>
    -<start>
    -<sudo mysql>
    -<CREATE DATABASE 'NAME'>
    -<CREATE USER 'usrname'@'%'> for access from any server(not localhost)
    -<GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON 'DBNAME.*' TO  'usrname'@'%'>
    -<SHOW GRANTS FOR 'usrname'@'%>

###TASK
xFusionCorp Industries is planning to host a WordPress website on their infra in Stratos Datacenter. They have already done infrastructure configuration—for example, on the storage server they already have a shared directory /vaw/www/html that is mounted on each app host under /var/www/html directory. Please perform the following steps to accomplish the task:

    a. Install httpd, php and its dependencies on all app hosts.

    b. Apache should serve on port 3003 within the apps.

    c. Install/Configure MariaDB server on DB Server.

    d. Create a database named kodekloud_db3 and create a database user named kodekloud_joy identified as password YchZHRcLkL. Further make sure this newly created user is able to perform all operation on the database you created.

    e. Finally you should be able to access the website on LBR link, by clicking on the App button on the top bar. You should see a message like App is able to connect to the database using user kodekloud_joy
